Snax returns to GamerLegion
Sumljiv
13-12-2025 19:34
The Pole is back for a second stint in the organization.


GamerLegion have announced the return of Janusz "⁠Snax⁠" Pogorzelski, with the Polish IGL set to take the place of the recently benched Erik "⁠ztr⁠" Gustafsson.

The announcement follows a busy period for GamerLegion, who also lost coach Ashley "⁠ash⁠" Battye due to burnout and had their core linked with a potential move to 100 Thieves.


Read more
ash steps down from GamerLegion due to burnout
This will be Snax's second stint in the organization after the Pole led the team for just under a year during 2023-2024 and notably helped them qualify for the PGL Major Copenhagen before departing for G2.

At the time, GamerLegion replaced him with ztr, with the organization now reversing the decision by snapping up the out-of-contract IGL.

The Pole will aim to stabilize a team whose form has deteriorated in recent months, slipping from the VRS top 10 to 25th after a run of disappointing performances, including a 1–3 exit at the Budapest Major Stage 1.

GamerLegion are currently:

Denmark Sebastian "⁠Tauson⁠" Tauson Lindelof
Czech Republic Oldřich "⁠PR⁠" Nový
Sweden Fredrik "⁠REZ⁠" Sterner
Poland Milan "⁠hypex⁠" Polowiec
Poland Janusz "⁠Snax⁠" Pogorzelski

France Jeremy "⁠Kursy⁠" Gast (benched)
Sweden Erik "⁠ztr⁠" Gustafsson (benched)
United Kingdom Ashley "⁠ash⁠" Battye (inactive)



BC.Game part ways with nexa
Nohte
14-12-2025 05:23
The Serbian rifler was the longest-serving member of the active lineup.


Nemanja "⁠nexa⁠" Isaković has entered free agency after he and BC.Game "mutually agreed" to not extend his contract upon its expiry.

The 28-year-old joined the team in February to reunite with his former BLEED teammates, but several roster changes over the year soon left him as the sole remaining piece of that lineup.

The organization then made the shock signing of Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev in July, although rumors point towards his contract expiring at the end of the year. The Ukrainian superstar was later reunited with former Natus Vincere teammate Denis "⁠electroNic⁠" Sharipov, but the team struggled to make a dent in the back half of the year with early exits at Red Bull GIBAWAY JOURNEY, XZONE Masters, and in several online competitions.

nexa averaged a 1.04 rating over 209 maps in his BC.Game stint as in-game leader, and heads into the off-season as a free agent.

BC.Game now have:

North Macedonia Aleksandar "⁠CacaNito⁠" Kjulukoski
Ukraine Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev
Estonia Andreas "⁠aNdu⁠" Maasing
Russia Denis "⁠electroNic⁠" Sharipov

Serbia Luka "⁠emi⁠" Vuković (coach)

Norway Joakim "⁠jkaem⁠" Myrbostad (benched)
Germany Luca "⁠pr1metapz⁠" Voigt (benched)