ESC bid farewell to CS team
MIRAA
16-11-2025 02:15
Ranked 42nd in the global VRS, the Polish squad is on the brink of joining another organization.


ESC's squad has been acquired by another organization
ESC have parted ways with their Counter-Strike team, which has been acquired by an unspecified organization, it was announced on Saturday.

The transfer comes almost a year after ESC landed the los kogutos roster. The team has won several online tournaments in the last six months, including one CCT Series, two Winline Insight seasons, and the recent ESL Challenger League Season 50 Europe Cup 3.

The Polish roster is currently ranked 42nd in the global VRS ahead of the ESL Challenger League Season 50 Europe Finals — in which a Pro League spot will be on offer — and DraculaN 3 in Bucharest. In both tournaments, the team will play under FriendlyCampers, a temporary name until the transfer to the new organization is completed.

"My time at ESC was really great," Patryk "⁠olimp⁠" Woźniak told HLTV. "After a year with Rebels, they contacted me, offered me the role of IGL, and I accepted. The team itself is great, there's a good atmosphere. The only problem was that ESC couldn't provide us with what was most important: LAN.

"Then another organization came along that wanted to buy us out, and it was the perfect moment. We are very happy about this because we will finally have the chance to appear at offline events. ESC simply couldn't afford it.

"The organization that bought us out is great and can provide us with this, and we will finally be able to play in LANs, so that people will no longer comment that we are only online players.

"We would like to thank ESC very much for their time and for all their support, because apart from that, the CEOs are great people and were always at our disposal. I will have very fond memories of this time and the boot camp with these people. Best regards, Franky and Christian!"

ESC had the following squad:

Poland Patryk "⁠olimp⁠" Woźniak
Poland Kamil "⁠reiko⁠" Cegiełko
Poland Dawid "⁠SaMey⁠" Stańczak
Poland Wojciech "⁠bajmi⁠" Strzelczyk
Poland Bartosz "⁠moonwalk⁠" Mikołajczyk

Poland Kacper "⁠kapibe⁠" Burda (coach)


FURIA win fourth straight clash against Falcons to lift BLAST Rivals trophy
LucasAM
16-11-2025 21:33
FURIA add a fourth trophy to their cabinet since the summer break.


FURIA continue to be Falcons' black beast after beating them for a fourth consecutive time after a group stage victory at IEM Cologne and two semi-final bouts at FPG 2 and IEM Chengdu. This time, it was to win the BLAST Rivals Season 2 grand final, 3-1, in one of the most exciting series of the year.

This victory marks FURIA's fourth title run since adding Danil "⁠molodoy⁠" Golubenko and Mareks "⁠YEKINDAR⁠" Gaļinskis to the team with victories at FPG2, TWC 2025, and IEM Chengdu, and puts them in the elite group of teams contending to challenge for the crown at the looming Major in Budapest.

The first map, Inferno, was a landslide for Falcons, who stole it 13-3 to take the series lead, and it came off the back of the work of Damjan "⁠kyxsan⁠" Stoilkovski, who amidst a stacked lineup full of firepower posted his best-ever map rating, a 2.54, leading from the trenches with two clutches and seven multi-kill rounds.



kyxsan clutches 1vs3 in pistols

If Inferno was kyxsan's playground, YEKINDAR stamped his name on Nuke as FURIA struck right back with a 13-9 victory on Falcons' first pick to tie the series up. The Latvian went nuclear on Cedar Creek with a 21-3 scoreline in the 10 rounds on the T side and an off-the-charts 4.06 rating with +29.83% round wing.



YEKINDAR 4K tears apart Falcons' lower defense, granting his team map point

"That was a reference map to how good this version of Train can play," is how Alex "⁠Mauisnake⁠" Ellenberg put it on X when talking about the third map in the series. "[I] still don't think it's a top tier map nor do most teams play it to that level, but that was incredibly entertaining."

Indeed, the series amped up and delivered an exciting double-overtime affair which went 19-15 to FURIA, with molodoy swinging some crucial rounds including two quad-kills in overtime as the two teams fought tooth and nail to take the series lead and get within one map victory of lifting the trophy.


molodoy finishes 4K with 1v1 clutch vs. m0NESY

Falcons were do or die on their Mirage pick and they got off to a 4-0 start, but molodoy became a fragging machine with the AWP on the CT side and helped his team to a 7-5 lead at the half with multi-kill after multi-kill.

FURIA's individual heroics, which included a crucial clutch by Kaike "⁠KSCERATO⁠" Cerato in an unlikely 1vs4, were met with strong play by Falcons, who held their own to force another overtime.


KSCERATO pulls off impossible 1v4

Three straight on the defense by Falcons made a strong argument for there to be a fifth map, but FURIA answered back with three of their own, including from a 4v5 situation in the final round with no molodoy, to force a second OT.

Despite Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov going nuclear in a 2v5 situation to get Falcons ahead, the kyxsan-led squad fell behind and FURIA won out from there with four straight rounds, two on either side of the half, to make it 19-16 and lift the trophy in Hong Kong.

BLAST Rivals 2025 Season 2
Best of 5
FURIA
FURIA
Brazil
Matchpage
3  1
16th November 2025
Europe
Falcons
Falcons
3
Inferno
13
13
Nuke
9
19
Train
15
19
Mirage
16
FURIA FURIA	K - D	Swing	ADR	KAST	Rating
3.0
Latvia
Mareks 'YEKINDAR' Gaļinskis
89 - 79	+1.22%	86.6	69.2%	1.24
Brazil
Yuri 'yuurih' Santos
80 - 71	+1.37%	81.4	73.8%	1.17
Kazakhstan
Danil 'molodoy' Golubenko
88 - 63	+0.13%	76.3	71.0%	1.13
Brazil
Kaike 'KSCERATO' Cerato
69 - 72	-0.44%	74.0	74.8%	0.98
Brazil
Gabriel 'FalleN' Toledo
55 - 76	-3.35%	60.5	67.3%	0.80
Falcons Falcons	K - D	Swing	ADR	KAST	Rating
3.0
Russia
Ilya 'm0NESY' Osipov
91 - 74	+4.00%	85.8	72.0%	1.30
North Macedonia
Damjan 'kyxsan' Stoilkovski
83 - 70	+2.80%	80.9	74.8%	1.30
Russia
Maxim 'kyousuke' Lukin
66 - 85	-1.41%	77.2	72.0%	0.94
Denmark
René 'TeSeS' Madsen
62 - 74	-1.51%	65.1	66.4%	0.91
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Nikola 'NiKo' Kovač
57 - 82	-3.05%	58.9	62.6%	0.81
More highlights from the grand final:

kyxsan clutches 1v2 to deny FURIA first round

YEKINDAR caps stellar Nuke performance with 1v1 clutch, tying up the series

YEKINDAR continues to shine on Train

kyxsan clutches up to keep Falcons rolling

molodoy 4K grants FURIA 2-1 lead in the series

molodoy won't stop repeeking, picks up 3K

molodoy 3K swings the 4v5 and seals a winning half

TeSeS ties the game with unreal 3K hold on B

"Sit the f**k down" kyxsan says after 4K

m0NESY goes nuclear in 2v5


m0NESY earns another losing MVP at BLAST Rivals
king_dempz
16-11-2025 21:39
m0NESY repeats the difficult feat of earning an MVP award despite finishing second, after doing so at ESL Pro League Season 22.


Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov has picked up his second HLTV x 1XBET Most Valuable Player (MVP) award of the year at BLAST Rivals Season 2, once again earning the award despite being on the losing side of the grand final.


Read more
FURIA win fourth straight clash against Falcons to lift BLAST Rivals trophy
Although he lost in the final m0NESY was the clear standout player throughout the tournament, leading the rating charts by a long way with 1.42 over 10 maps to bag the sixth MVP award of his career.

The Russian sniper topped a plethora of stats categories with the top rating (1.42), impact rating (1.51), round swing (5.15%), and kills per round (0.89) just to name a few.

m0NESY did not let up in a losing effort in the grand final either, co-leading his team with a 1.30 rating and server-leading 91 kills and 4.00% swing.

FURIA had MVP candidates of their own, Kaike "⁠KSCERATO⁠" Cerato chief among them, but ultimately FURIA spread the carrying across four of their players and as such, didn't have a clear leading player to potentially snatch the award from m0NESY.


m0NESY on MVP: "It hurts more than winning it at EPL because [we] had a lot of chances"
Nohte
16-11-2025 23:26
m0NESY feels Falcons were forced into mistakes which cost them the trophy at BLAST Rivals.


Falcons are a team on an upward trajectory, as evidenced by their recent strong of top-four finishes. Sadly for Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov and company they were once again second-best at BLAST Rivals, losing in a hard-fought grand final to FURIA.

"How we didn't close Mirage," m0NESY responded when asked for his thoughts. "It feels sad to lose these games, especially when you had the feeling that you potentially could go to the last map."


Read more
FURIA win fourth straight clash against Falcons to lift BLAST Rivals trophy
Despite suffering defeat in the final m0NESY walked away from the tournament with the HLTV x 1XBET MVP award, much like he did at ESL Pro League. He said this time the loss hurt more than in Sweden.

"[At ESL Pro League] you're just losing 3-0 and you didn't do anything on the server. You just lost 3-0 and you went home. I was even smiling. But right now it just hurts more because you knew you had a lot of chances."

m0NESY spoke with HLTV after his valiant grand final effort to talk about Falcons' run in Hong Kong and their recent uptick, as well as his own return to form.


You can listen to the full interview here.

Heart-breaking grand final, an incredible grand final, but I know you're incredibly sad after that because you couldn't get it over the line. Tell me what's going through your mind right now.

How we didn't close Mirage. How we didn't close it. We had three chances, we got three chances to close it on T side and we didn't. I died two times, I gave up first kill, I'm kind of responsible for that. It feels sad to lose these games, especially when you had the feeling that you potentially could go to the last map.

When you got your last MVP at EPL, you were sad with second place. Here it's second place again, but overall Falcons and you have really improved in the last couple of months in the warmup to the Major. It has been a steady incline. What do you think you need to get it over the line right now?

First of all, in the final at ESL Pro League Vitality was one step ahead of us, they were a much stronger opponent, a much stronger team than us at ESL Pro League. But coming to this tournament we prepared a lot.

I feel like FURIA forced us to make a lot of mistakes in this final and we lost a lot of stupid situations
Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov
In my opinion, we improved as a team so much that we could potentially fight and be contenders for the trophy, but coming into this game, to the grand final, the team who makes more mistakes will lose. I feel like FURIA forced us to make a lot of mistakes in this final and we lost a lot of stupid situations that you cannot lose if you want to lift the trophy. There were a lot of 5v3s, 4v2s, on a lot of maps, and if you want to lift the trophy you cannot lose these stupid rounds.

You guys clawed back a couple, and they won a bunch as well. The big turning point here had to be that KSCERATO 1v4. Can you tell me what was going on in the comms during that round?

I don't remember what happened specifically before the 1v2, but I was left in a 1v2 with TeSeS. After we cleared Ninja, because I took the Molotov from Stairs, I told René [TeSeS]... He wanted me to come Bench with him, but I said that I was going to take the Molotov instead and Molly Ninja. We cleared Ninja, we cleared Default, we cleared Firebox, but there was one guy hiding in Sandwich, his name is KSCERATO... and I just didn't know he could be there because I thought my teammate cleared him. It's not his fault, it's just a fault in the communication. In this situation we have to chill and have good comms, but he played well. He played well.

Obviously sometimes maybe you cannot get some kills, but I feel like he was always with us and there was no minuses from him
Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov on NiKo's performance
You came into the grand final swinging. You won Inferno. First of all, did you expect to start on Inferno at all?

I didn't expect anything coming into this match. I just knew that we could be stronger than them in a lot of situations, especially on Inferno because we put a lot of work into this map. We wanted to become better on this map, but there are other maps you have to work on, you know? I think we were strong today, but not enough. We made more mistakes than them, they played better in situations than us, and they deserve this trophy and we don't.

As a big topic throughout this series on the cast and the analyst desk, NiKo had a really rough series, especially at the start of Mirage. Can you tell me what was going wrong? What was the situation like on the server?

I didn't feel that NiKo had a rough start. I don't know how he played. In my opinion, he played very well this game. He was calling as our second captain on the CT side and he has to always be vocal, so I didn't feel any... I don't know how to say it in English, but he didn't fall down in this game, you know? He was there with us, he was playing. Obviously sometimes maybe you cannot get some kills, but I feel like he was always with us and there was no minuses from him. Maybe, of course, he would get some frags, but other players could also get them. Sometimes it happens, it's fine, it happens to the best players.

As a team we're going to lift the next trophies, I'm not worried about that. I'm only worried if we're going to continue losing these advantageous situations
Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov
Lastly, we talked about this at EPL as well, but you've really come back to form. This MVP, you were far and away the favorite to win it before the final and as the final went on. Can you tell me how it feels — I'm sure it's hearbreaking right now — to be back in this form as the Major rolls around now?

First of all, it hurts more than winning it at ESL Pro League, the MVP, because you're just losing 3-0 and you didn't do anything on the server. You just lost 3-0 and you went home. I was even smiling. But right now it just hurts more because you knew you had a lot of chances.

On Train, and especially on Mirage, I feel like I started playing much better individually, I had a feeling for the game. I feel like I'm back on the server, I'm back in shape, and I feel like I became even much better as a player, but I still need to get a lot of experience to become even better.

As a team we're going to lift the next trophies, I'm not worried about that. I'm only worried if we're going to continue losing these advantageous situations on the server because these kinds of things sometimes you cannot control, but you have to be always focused in the server.