cadiaN returns on OG
12-11-2025 00:01

The Dane is back in action after seven months away from the server.

OG have announced the signing of Casper "⁠cadiaN⁠" Møller, confirming an earlier report by Dust2.dk.

The Dane joins a team that benched IGL Christoffer "⁠Chr1zN⁠" Storgaard and sniper Nico "⁠nicoodoz⁠" Tamjidi in October, with the 30-year-old now set to fill both roles.

cadiaN has been out of action since April, when he was moved to Astralis' bench in favor of Rasmus "⁠HooXi⁠" Nielsen following the Danish organization's failure to qualify for a fifth consecutive Major.

cadiaN, who played as a rifling IGL in Astralis, struggled for individual form and averaged a 0.84 rating, with his previous stint in Liquid delivering similarly lacklustre results.

In OG, however, the Dane will have a chance to play alongside some younger players in an IGL-AWP role and rekindle some of the success he enjoyed in the latter years of his HEROIC stint.

cadiaN's signing means that OG have just one more roster vacancy left to fill before returning to the server.

OG are currently:

Sweden Olle "⁠spooke⁠" Grundström
Sweden Adam "⁠adamb⁠" Ångström
Portugal Rafael "⁠arrozdoce⁠" Wing
Denmark Casper "⁠cadiaN⁠" Møller

France Lambert "⁠Lambert⁠" Prigent (coach)

Denmark Christian "⁠Buzz⁠" Andersen (benched)
Denmark Nico "⁠nicoodoz⁠" Tamjidi (benched)
Denmark Christoffer "⁠Chr1zN⁠" Storgaard (benched)



The EVPs and All-Stars of IEM Chengdu 2025
12-11-2025 01:29

FURIA and Vitality pick up a host of awards after a hard-fought grand final.

FURIA's wins at FPG2 and TWC were landmark moments for the organization, but IEM Chengdu represents a step up.

It's the team's biggest win to date, their first against truly elite competition, and it means they will head into the last two events of the year as the team with momentum.

Sniper Danil "⁠molodoy⁠" Golubenko is the revelation that has made much of this possible, and he picked up his second MVP medal in China.

It means he is the heavy favorite for the Rookie of the Year title, an astonishing achievement for a player who only had 67 maps on HLTV when FURIA signed him from AMKAL in May.

But molodoy's eyes are firmly set on more team achievements: "It's good if I take Rookie of the Year," he told HLTV post-Chengdu, "but I'm just saying... it doesn't matter for me because first I want to win trophies."