After winning his fourth Major, apEX sets new targets
MIRAA
18-12-2025 21:30
Vitality's skipper said his team still needs to claim more silverware before it can be considered the greatest of all time.


It took Dan "⁠apEX⁠" Madesclaire over three years to fulfill his dream of winning a Major as an in-game leader after Vitality offered him the role in January 2020. But in the two and a half years since the title run in Paris, he has added two more Major crowns to his résumé, having guided the team to victory in Austin and Budapest.

With Sunday's win against FaZe at the MVM Dome, apEX joins an exclusive club of players with at least four Major titles (he had won his first in 2015 in Cluj-Napoca while with Envy). Only five other players have achieved that feat, and they were all part of the record-breaking Astralis roster that defined an era. That's great company to have.

"When you win one, you want to be among the IGLs who have won two, and etcetera," apEX told HLTV after the final. "I'm so happy. I have a wonderful team. Wonderful teammates who help me on a daily basis to be the best captain that I can be.

"When I started as an IGL, I didn't expect that one day I'd have four Majors under my belt and three as an IGL. It's crazy."

Each of his three Major titles holds distinct significance. The Paris victory will always have a special place in his heart due to the event's location and the fact that "no one expected us [to win] in a way because we had won only one trophy before."


apEX won his first Major as an IGL in 2023 in Paris
Austin, he said, was the crowning moment of a near-perfect season. As for Budapest, he admitted it is slightly "less impactful" than the other two.

"We were not the favorites, but if people are smart enough, they know that, in the big tournament, the best team of the year can bounce back," he said. "That's what we did."

Vitality's Budapest run caps an incredible year that saw them win nine titles (including the two Majors and IEM Katowice) in addition to a Grand Slam.

The conversation has shifted all of a sudden. It's no longer about whether we're in the Vitality era — that seems to be a given. It has now turned into a greatest-of-all-time debate.


Read more
As Vitality chase the Grand Slam, where is apEX in the pantheon of great IGLs?
On the morning of the final against FaZe, apEX found himself wondering how his team's year would stack up against Astralis' 2018 in case he lifted the trophy in Budapest. So he crunched the numbers.

"Astralis won ten out of 18 in one year, we did nine out of 16," he said. "It's a better percentage on our side. In 2018, they only won one Major. We won two.

"So basically, for the year, I think we are maybe a bit above, even though they added Magisk a bit later in the year and they started to win when they had him.

"But for the best team of all time, we need to wait. We have only had one successful year, a crazy successful year. But we are up there, maybe top two, top three. It depends on where people put fnatic and NIP. I think SK are a bit behind. They won Majors, but not as many trophies as we did this year.

"People will always argue about who is the best. They liked Astralis because there were no, like, big star players. gla1ve could frag more than me. It's always the same. I don't know who the best is. Anyway, what we did this year is crazy."


Following an exceptional 2025 season, Vitality now carry the burden of being the team to beat, with many rivals expected to make changes in the winter break to challenge their dominance.

But apEX seems unfazed by such potential distractions. His main focus is how he can add to his team's legacy — and his own — as they continue to rewrite the history books.

"The first goal of next year is the back-to-back Grand Slam," he said. "That would be nice. It starts in Krakow, so we already have a big thing for Krakow.

"And then, yeah, going back to the Major in Cologne and trying our best there. It's a good place to win. I've had decent results there every time. Hopefully, maybe a third Major in a row there. Let's see."