M80 part ways with HexT
Nohte
16-12-2025 02:43
The Canadian rifler is out of the team after six months.


M80 have announced the departure of Jadan "⁠HexT⁠" Postma from their lineup following the expiry of his contract.

The 24-year-old rifler joined the organization in July to replace Ethan "⁠reck⁠" Serrano and averaged a 1.16 rating over 122 maps, most notably placing 5-6th at BLAST Open London Finals and exiting Stage 2 of the StarLadder Budapest Major with a 2-3 record after going 3-0 through Stage 1.

The team also won DreamHack Knockout Atlanta to qualify for ESL Pro League Season 23 and a handful of online events in North America, and finished as runners-up at Fragadelphia 19 and Fragadelphia Ultra Mega Jersey.

The change comes as a surprise on the heels of those results, with HexT admitting he was caught off-guard by the move.

"Safe to say I was a little surprised when I was told I wouldn’t be rejoining them for next season, but nonetheless I loved playing with the guys and they were some of my most favourite teammates to play with," HexT said in a post on X. "I’m now a free agent."

Following the change, M80 have:

United States Michael "⁠Swisher⁠" Schmid
Germany Fritz "⁠slaxz-⁠" Dietrich
Germany Elias "⁠s1n⁠" Stein
United States Mason "⁠Lake⁠" Sanderson

United Kingdom Rory "⁠dephh⁠" Jackson (coach)


Sources: M80 set to sign JBa
Nohte & MIRAA
16-12-2025 05:57
The rifler will take HexT's place on the active roster.


M80 are set to unveil the signing of Josh "⁠JBa⁠" Barutt, sources familiar with the situation tell HLTV and Dust2.us.

The 21-year-old rifler would fill the gap left vacant by Jadan "⁠HexT⁠" Postma after the organization announced it had not re-signed him after his contract expired, a move the Canadian rifler said left him "a little surprised."


Read more
M80 part ways with HexT
JBa has been on the sidelines since Wildcard transfer-listed and benched the entirety of its roster in November following a tumultuous 2025 and several dramatic lineup changes.

He was a part of the organization for two years, during which he averaged a 1.13 rating and attended his first two Majors in Shanghai and Austin. He joined Wildcard as a prospect under the tutelage of Peter "⁠stanislaw⁠" Jarguz, and his impending addition to M80 would mark his second stint in a professional organization.

M80 ended 2025 with a run to Stage 2 of the StarLadder Budapest Major, where they were eliminated with a 2-3 record after going 3-0 through Stage 1. The roster also attended a handful of international LANs over the year, including the BLAST.tv Austin Major, and notably won DreamHack Knockout Atlanta, placed 5-6th at BLAST Open London Finals, and finished second at Fragadelphia 19 and Fragadelphia Ultra Mega Jersey.


Read more
Imperial squeeze past M80 to reach Stage 3 in Budapest
They were ranked 25th on the VRS in the December ranking update, enough to guarantee an invite to BLAST Bounty Season 3, and are currently ranked 22nd — enough to sit inside the preliminary invite range for IEM Kraków, which will use the January 5th ranking.

The team is also signed up to compete at Fragadelphia Miami, set to run from January 2-4, and fl0m Mythical LAN, scheduled for January 9-11.

With JBa, M80 would be:

United States Michael "⁠Swisher⁠" Schmid
Germany Fritz "⁠slaxz-⁠" Dietrich
Germany Elias "⁠s1n⁠" Stein
United States Mason "⁠Lake⁠" Sanderson
United States Josh "⁠JBa⁠" Barutt

United Kingdom Rory "⁠dephh⁠" Jackson (coach)


The EVPs and All-Stars of StarLadder Budapest Major 2025
NER0cs & Striker
16-12-2025 19:18
Team efforts from the semi-finalists mean plenty of players did enough for EVP nods at the last event of the year.


StarLadder Budapest Major was an emphatic reminder of what should be on the tips of all our lips when we talk about 2025 years down the line.

Vitality's record-breaking year included nine trophies plus 15 consecutive semi-finals, and plenty of that was down to star man Mathieu "⁠ZywOo⁠" Herbaut.


Read more
ZywOo: "When Vitality are playing like this, no one can challenge us"
Having just kept hold of the MVP ahead of Robin "⁠ropz⁠" Kool thanks to his superior round win figures, ZywOo earned an eighth MVP of 2025 and became the first player since Marcelo "⁠coldzera⁠" David to win two Major MVPs in the same calendar year.

At the start of the year, ZywOo was still behind Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev in MVP count. But just twelve months later, the 25-year-old Frenchman has left his old nemesis seven medals behind.

Instead his focus will be on a new rival, 18-year-old Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets, ahead of a hotly anticipated HLTV Awards showdown in January.


Radar Chart stat glossary
Rating 3.0: HLTV's composite rating of kills, damage, survival, KAST, multis, and Swing

Swing Added: win probability added from positive actions

eKPR: eco-adjusted kills per round

eADR: eco-adjusted damage per round

eKPRW: eco-adjusted kills per round win

2k+: rounds with two or more kills

1k+: rounds with one or more kills

KAST: rounds with a kill, assist, survival, or death traded

RW Δ: kill differential per round win

eDmg Δ: eco-adjusted damage differential per round

eKills Δ: eco-adjusted kill differential per round

Round Swing: the win probability sum of a player's actions


ropz was even closer to the MVP in Budapest than at any previous attempt at ZywOo's crown, after breaking his single map rating record against FaZe and a fantastic 1.40 playoff rating overall.

He had a big peak in every playoff series, including 31 frags in a crucial Mirage against Spirit in semis.

While ropz lost the MVP tiebreaker to ZywOo, a showing this strong at an event this prestigous will have as much impact as most MVPs on Top 20 discussions.


donk's Herculean effort to drag Spirit through the Major was not wasted, taking his yearly rating to 1.42 at notable events and 1.54 at the two Valve-sponsored events of 2025.

Seven of donk's nine maps ended above a 1.40 rating, with two above 2.00 and he has event stats of a 1.57 rating, 1.36 kills per round win, and +4.57% Swing.

His visible frustration after Mirage against Vitality followed him into a poor Dust2 as Spirit exited the Major, but donk's individual effort beforehand saw him reach a level very few players have ever been capable of.


William "⁠mezii⁠" Merriman's quietly assured 2025 ends with his biggest peak yet, with key performances in the semi and grand final to push Vitality towards the trophy.

The British player, as Dan "⁠apEX⁠" Madesclaire is so fond of calling him, posted his best ever Big Event rating on Inferno (2.00) in the grand final as he spearheaded Vitality's B-focused gameplan. In addition, he won eight clutches at the event, five of them in the grand final, and managed to have 76.9% of his opening deaths traded on T side (34.2% of all T deaths) at the same time in a masterclass of supportive rifling.

For a good chunk of Mirage against Spirit in semis, too, mezii was the only Vitality player fragging. He ended on 32 frags, but it was the first 15 or so, when ZywOo and ropz weren't at the races, that kept the team in a map that ended up being crucial for the series.


FaZe's miraculous run to the final was a team effort, but David "⁠frozen⁠" Čerňanský was their most reliable piece after being the only player above 1.00 in the final and boasting a 1.36 rating in map wins and 1.01 KPRW at the event.

His 1.94-rated dismantling of eventual champions Vitality in round one of Swiss set the tone for a FaZe Clan that matured as they passed through the Major's many stages.

He was also solid in the arena, with 1.07 KPRW in playoffs and notable peaks against MOUZ and Natus Vincere, enough for a fourth EVP of 2025.


Ihor "⁠w0nderful⁠" Zhdanov's performance was rightly one of the big storylines from the Major, earning him praise from Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy and now his first EVP nod of the year.

He finished 11 of his 13 maps above a 1.00+ rating, in proof of a high floor, and also contributed with peaks in Natus Vincere's key series win over world number one FURIA in quarters. He was rated at 1.88 at half-time on Mirage, when NAVI led 8-4 on T side, and 1.92 on Train, when the scoreline was even more dominant 10-2, making w0nderful their most important player for the two map wins.

His raw statistics also make for impressive reading, with a 1.40 rating in map wins, 1.20 vs top 10, and 1.00 KPRW for a well-rounded, slam dunk, EVP case.


Russel "⁠Twistzz⁠" Van Dulken could afford to coast slightly in groups as FaZe's map control pack surprisingly led the way, but he had the highest peaks of anyone on the team in playoffs to earn himself an EVP.

He had four strong playoff maps, with a 1.93 vs MOUZ, 1.87 vs Natus Vincere, and a 1.50 to open the final on Nuke vs Vitality. The fourth is the 13-11 Nuke win over NAVI, where Twistzz's 1.92-rated T side kept FaZe in the game long enough for his teammates to help make the eventual comeback.


Helvijs "⁠broky⁠" Saukants just loves Major finals. He's made it to the top two in four of his seven Major appearances, and despite a poor year individually, he returned to his form of old at a perfect time for FaZe Clan.

After a strong 1.19-rated group stage, the Latvian made the MOUZ quarter-final in his image, causing Alex "⁠Mauisnake⁠" Ellenberg to dub it "broky Friday" on the desk.

That moniker was earned, with a 40-frag showing enough to hand MOUZ one of their worst placings of 2025, and he added to the fun with another 20 frags on the decider against Natus Vincere to confirm an EVP.


Mihai "⁠iM⁠" Ivan helped Natus Vincere's run to semis with a 1.26 rating in groups and 1.36 in their map wins, doing just enough in three strong playoff maps to confirm his EVP.

The Romanian has had to deal with a role shift and a decline in his team's fortunes, but ends the year with a 1.16 rating at super-elite events, 1.14 at Majors, and a pair of solid EVPs at Pro League 22 and now Budapest.


Drin "⁠makazze⁠" Shaqiri ran more hot and cold than his two teammates above him on this list, but he ended up as Natus Vincere's best player in map wins (1.46 rating) after two astronomical playoff peaks.

A 2.23 vs FURIA on Train was a good start, even if lots of his impact came in the second half when Natus Vincere were 10-2 up already, but his true piece de resistance was a T side solo carry on Ancient against FaZe in semis (16-4 K-D, 143.2 ADR, 3.09 rating).

With two more maps above a 1.70 rating in groups, makazze's peaks were therefore strong enough that he was forgiven for some bad maps along the way, such was his importance to pushing Natus Vincere forward.


The final award goes to Dmitry "⁠sh1ro⁠" Sokolov, who makes it into the list after a great group stage (1.29 rating) and decent quarter-final (34-20 K-D, 1.23 rating) put him at a 1.27 rating and 0.81 KPR before the semi-final.

That was enough to confirm the EVP, with decent peaks against MOUZ and Liquid in groups adding to a case mainly built on consistency before that semi-final.

Given EVPs are often about how far you push your team forward, we cannot punish him too much for the quiet semi-final, given his hard work beforehand as donk's right-hand man.

The best players of StarLadder Budapest Major 2025, in order:
France Mathieu "⁠ZywOo⁠" Herbaut

Estonia Robin "⁠ropz⁠" Kool

Russia Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets

United Kingdom William "⁠mezii⁠" Merriman

Slovakia David "⁠frozen⁠" Čerňanský

Ukraine Ihor "⁠w0nderful⁠" Zhdanov

Canada Russel "⁠Twistzz⁠" Van Dulken

Latvia Helvijs "⁠broky⁠" Saukants

Romania Mihai "⁠iM⁠" Ivan

Kosovo Drin "⁠makazze⁠" Shaqiri

Russia Dmitry "⁠sh1ro⁠" Sokolov

Honorable mentions
Despite the long EVP list, no players from the quarter-finals made it into the list after fairly one-sided matches prevented them from confirming their EVPs.

Kaike "⁠KSCERATO⁠" Cerato's 1.54-rated group stage put him right on the edge, but a 1.03 rating (with a negative K-D and Swing) quarter-final was not enough to finalize his EVP. Danil "⁠molodoy⁠" Golubenko had the same situation but worse, having a 1.41 in groups but bottom fragging against Natus Vincere.

Jakub "⁠jcobbb⁠" Pietruszewski's pistol rounds and decent groups were great for FaZe but the rookie did struggle in playoffs, preventing an EVP.


FURIA's star duo missed out on EVPs after quiet quarter-finals
Ayush "⁠mzinho⁠" Batbold 's floor was fantastic in Budapest, but his Ancient against G2 in groups was his only true peak and he needed slightly more for an EVP.

Maxim "⁠kyousuke⁠" Lukin led Falcons in groups but also fell short of confirmation in the arena with a 1.04-rated quarter-final.

Finally, Vladyslav "⁠Kvem⁠" Korol deserves a mention for his 1.21-rated group stage effort, as do Alexandre "⁠bodyy⁠" Pianaro (1.25) and Santino "⁠try⁠" Rigal (1.18).

All-Stars

Our now familiar limit of three players per team comes into effect for the All-Stars, as apEX misses out despite a 62.2% T side win-rate.

That decision was made because of a lack of anchors with anywhere near the level mezii showed in Budapest, who has this slot alongside his high EVP.

Top performers ZywOo, ropz, and donk then form a terrifying (and balanced) star trio, with an average event rating of 1.44 between them.

With no room for a fourth Vitality player in apEX then, we have space to accommodate Finn "⁠karrigan⁠" Andersen as IGL to represent FaZe's fantastic run to the Major final from 11th in the world ranking.

Players with multiple awards in 2025
Another year in the books.


The EVPs of 2025
Denmark BLAST Bounty S1
Romania PGL Cluj-Napoca
Portugal BLAST Open S1
Australia IEM Melbourne
Kazakhstan PGL Astana
United States BLAST.tv Austin (M)
Germany IEM Cologne
Saudi Arabia Esports World Cup
Serbia FISSURE Playground 2
Malta Thunderpick WC
Romania PGL Masters
Hong Kong BLAST Rivals S2
Poland IEM Katowice
Sweden ESL Pro League S21
Romania PGL Bucharest
Denmark BLAST Rivals S1
United States IEM Dallas
Serbia FISSURE Playground 1
Malta BLAST Bounty S2
United Kingdom BLAST Open S2
Sweden ESL Pro League S22
China PW CAC
China IEM Chengdu
Hungary SL Budapest (M)


BC.Game bench CacaNito
Nohte
16-12-2025 18:51
The team has made its third change of the off-season.


BC.Game have announced the benching of Aleksandar "⁠CacaNito⁠" Kjulukoski, leaving the organization with just three players on the active roster following the departures of Nemanja "⁠nexa⁠" Isaković and Luka "⁠emi⁠" Vuković.


Read more
BC.Game part ways with nexa
It is the second time the Macedonian rifler has been moved to the team's reserves after he was benched alongside Jonas "⁠Lekr0⁠" Olofsson in February to make way for Cai "⁠CYPHER⁠" Watson and nexa.

He returned to the roster in May ahead of IEM Dallas to replace Joakim "⁠jkaem⁠" Myrbostad after the Norwegian was embroiled in several scandals and accused of owing over $300,000 in gambling debt.


Read more
BC.Game bench jkaem following accusations of him owing $300,000 in gambling debt
CacaNito first joined BC.Game in June 2024 and was the longest-serving member of the roster despite his time on the bench.

He averaged a 1.00 rating over 228 maps, during which the team competed almost exclusively in online competitions and made just two LAN appearances on HLTV at IEM Dallas and Red Bull GIBAWAY JOURNEY, and notably won ESL Challenge League Season 50 Europe Cup 2 shortly after Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev's surprise addition.

His benching leaves the team with the following lineup:

Ukraine Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev
Estonia Andreas "⁠aNdu⁠" Maasing
Russia Denis "⁠electroNic⁠" Sharipov

Norway Joakim "⁠jkaem⁠" Myrbostad (benched)
Germany Luca "⁠pr1metapz⁠" Voigt (benched)
North Macedonia Aleksandar "⁠CacaNito⁠" Kjulukoski (benched)