The EVPs and All-Stars of BLAST Rivals 2025 S2
NER0cs & Striker
21-11-2025 18:42
FURIA's team effort nets them the trophy, but the two best AWPers of 2024 take the top awards from Hong Kong.


At BLAST Rivals, FURIA won their third event in a row, their fourth trophy in five attempts, to make themselves the team to beat at the Budapest Major.

But there was no MVP for the Gabriel "⁠FalleN⁠" Toledo-led side, given the superlative form of Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov at the event.


The 20-year-old has the highest LAN rating of anyone in the last three months after an explosion of form at the business end of the season. He eclipsed even that level here, with a 1.42 rating and 1.16 kills per round win.

So while Falcons may have let another big game slip, the team is heading in the right direction with five consecutive top-four finishes.


Read more
m0NESY on MVP: "It hurts more than winning it at EPL because [we] had a lot of chances"
Editor's note: 'Playoff rating' at this event refers to matches from semi-finals onwards, following our usual rule to only include matches that decide placements at the top-half of an event. As it was only an eight-team event, quarter-finals to decide 5th-6th are therefore excluded.

Radar Chart stat glossary
Rating 3.0: HLTV's composite rating of kills, damage, survival, KAST, multis, and Swing

Swing Added: win probability added from positive actions

eKPR: eco-adjusted kills per round

eADR: eco-adjusted damage per round

eKPRW: eco-adjusted kills per round win

2k+: rounds with two or more kills

1k+: rounds with one or more kills

KAST: rounds with a kill, assist, survival, or death traded

RW Δ: kill differential per round win

eDmg Δ: eco-adjusted damage differential per round

eKills Δ: eco-adjusted kill differential per round

Round Swing: the win probability sum of a player's actions


Mathieu "⁠ZywOo⁠" Herbaut may not be at the ridiculous peak he hit in the first half of the year, but the Frenchman is still beyond his mortal peers.

Hong Kong gives him his fourth EVP in four events, with a great quarter-final in the thriller against Spirit (Nuke 1.41, Mirage 1.62) and putting up a fight against Falcons (1.36 series rating).

He was also by far Vitality's best in round wins (1.12 KPRW), map wins (1.47 rating), and had three player of the map showings in the arena. With FURIA's credit being so split between players, that gave him the chance for the top EVP and ZywOo took it with both hands.


Mareks "⁠YEKINDAR⁠" Gaļinskis's extraordinary 21-kill, +29.8% Swing, 4.06-rated bonanza over 10 rounds on the T side of Nuke in the final will go down in history as one of the very best individual halves in CS history.

He capped it off with 30 frags on Mirage in the final too, leaving him as the best FURIA player of the final overall with a 1.24 rating.

The Latvian spacetaker was FURIA's best player in round wins (1.10 KPRW) and against top 10 opposition (1.18 rating). He also finished five map wins above a 1.30 rating, a clear sign of his impact beyond just that one half on Nuke.


Kaike "⁠KSCERATO⁠" Cerato was FURIA's highest-rated player at Rivals with a 1.23 (1.35 in map wins), and led the demolition of paiN in the semi-final with a 2.10 series rating and 46 frags in 44 rounds.

While he did drop to a 1.03 rating versus top 10 teams, he still made his impact with a game-turning 1v4 on Mirage against Falcons.

That, combined with great raw figures (+3.21% Swing, 80.7 ADR, 101.3 ADRW) and such an astronomical peak in semis, was enough for an EVP.

The best players of BLAST Rivals Season 2 2025, in order:
Russia Ilya "⁠m0NESY⁠" Osipov

France Mathieu "⁠ZywOo⁠" Herbaut

Latvia Mareks "⁠YEKINDAR⁠" Gaļinskis

Brazil Kaike "⁠KSCERATO⁠" Cerato

Honorable mentions
Danil "⁠molodoy⁠" Golubenko finished the final in style with 64 frags across Train and Mirage, and dominated head-to-head AWP duels with m0NESY with a 12-4 K-D across the whole final.

But he only had a 1.06 rating in map wins, and 1.10 across the event as a whole. Part of that is down to how rating 3.0 rewards AWP kills less (65% of his kills came with a sniper rifle), but even in rating 2.1 molodoy was FURIA's fourth-best in map wins.

Yuri "⁠yuurih⁠" Santos had another good tournament as FURIA's stable anchor, with a high floor (+1.51% Swing, 77.2% KAST) but fell short with just 0.79 kills per round win.


molodoy and yuurih came close to EVPs
Rodrigo "⁠biguzera⁠" Bittencourt's 1.52-rated semi-final was enough for an honourable mention, but he was not good enough beforehand to enter EVP contention.

As the quarter-final in eight-team events is not considered a big match, Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets would essentially be a group-stage EVP had he got one. And, despite a poor start on day one, he came close with good series against a weakened The MongolZ and Vitality.

Dmitry "⁠sh1ro⁠" Sokolov put up a fight vs Falcons but was coasting against The MongolZ and had a poor decider versus Vitality.

Yi "⁠JamYoung⁠" Yang returned to form with a 1.32 rating and 90.2 ADR after a quiet few months, while Michael "⁠Grim⁠" Wince was impressive for Passion UA's quarter-final run with 1.15 KPRW.

All-Stars

FURIA's win comes with us enforcing our rule that limits teams to a maximum of three players once again, with nods going to EVPs YEKINDAR and KSCERATO for starters.

We then had to decide between yuurih for anchor or FalleN for IGL, going for yuurih given the lack of competition in his category.

FalleN, meanwhile, actually had a lower T side win-rate than Falcons skipper Damjan "⁠kyxsan⁠" Stoilkovski, so that is who we have plucked for as our captain.

MVP m0NESY then beats out ZywOo and molodoy for sniping duties.

Players with multiple awards in 2025
One event remains: StarLadder's Budapest Major.


The EVPs of 2025
Denmark BLAST Bounty S1
Romania PGL Cluj-Napoca
Portugal BLAST Open S1
Australia IEM Melbourne
Kazakhstan PGL Astana
United States BLAST.tv Austin (M)
Germany IEM Cologne
Saudi Arabia Esports World Cup
Serbia FISSURE Playground 2
Malta Thunderpick WC
Romania PGL Masters
Hong Kong BLAST Rivals S2
Poland IEM Katowice
Sweden ESL Pro League S21
Romania PGL Bucharest
Denmark BLAST Rivals S1
United States IEM Dallas
Serbia FISSURE Playground 1
Malta BLAST Bounty S2
United Kingdom BLAST Open S2
Sweden ESL Pro League S22
China PW CAC
China IEM Chengdu