magixx and zont1x return to Spirit roster as chopper and zweih are benched
MIRAA
19-12-2025 00:01
The Russian team is pulling the trigger on changes following a disappointing end to the year.


After a spell on the bench, zont1x and magixx return to Spirit's active roster
Spirit have announced that benched duo Boris "⁠magixx⁠" Vorobiev and Myroslav "⁠zont1x⁠" Plakhotia have been brought back into the starting lineup as replacements for Leonid "⁠chopper⁠" Vishnyakov and Ivan "⁠zweih⁠" Gogin.

With chopper's removal from the active roster, the captaincy duties will be handled by magixx, who revealed on HLTV Confirmed back in August that he was open to becoming an in-game leader.


Read more
magixx: "I'm looking for any offers, but I don't think there'll be any before the Budapest Major"
The double change comes after a disappointing second half of the season. Spirit found some success after replacing magixx with zweih, winning IEM Cologne and the BLAST Bounty Season 2 Finals, but struggled to find consistency after bringing in Andrey "⁠tN1R⁠" Tatarinovich for zont1x, who asked to be moved to the bench due to personal reasons.

In a statement, head coach Sergey "⁠hally⁠" Shavaev explained that, by May, it had become evident that changes would have to be implemented due to what he described as "psychological problems and physical health issues."

"It wasn’t an easy task as there were no ideal candidates that could solve our problems right away," he explained. "So, we came up with a plan. The decision was made to sign two skilled prospects who had shown a lot of promise throughout the previous season.

"It would provide our leaving players with an opportunity to recover, so that we would be able to build the best possible roster at the end of the year.

"This particular approach actually helped us refresh our playstyle and facilitated the adaptation of less-experienced players to tier-1 competition.

"Therefore, by the end of the year we now know more about the newcomers’ actual in-game potential. We have implemented this plan, and you can see the results in today’s announcement."


hally said zweih needs to grow as a player to compete at the highest level and doesn't fit the team, role-wise
Spirit's season came to an end with a semi-final run at the Budapest Major, where they lost to eventual champions Vitality 0-2 after wasting a 12-6 lead on the first map, Mirage.

"It’s important to point out that replacing zweih proved a very difficult decision for us," hally said. "We truly consider him a very talented player and a great teammate. If only it was possible to field more than five players, we’d be happy to keep working with him.

"However, it is pretty obvious that zweih naturally gravitates towards slightly different roles, not the ones we need of him at the moment. Besides, he still needs to mature and become a more complete player to compete at the elite level.

"I sincerely wish him the best career ever. Ivan is young, gifted and smart, he has everything it takes to achieve great things in esports. I’m sure we’ll meet again in and out of the server."

It's the second time that chopper has been moved to the bench since joining Spirit in March 2019. In November 2021, he was placed on the transfer list following a disappointing run at the Stockholm Major, only to be reinstated to the starting lineup three months later.


chopper guided Spirit to a Major win at the end of 2024
The 28-year-old was in the running for the IGL of the Year award at the 2024 HLTV Awards after leading Spirit to victory in four international events, most notably IEM Katowice and the Shanghai Major. He finished runner-up to Natus Vincere's Aleksi "⁠Aleksib⁠" Virolainen.

"Throughout all these years you have become my closest teammate," hally said of chopper. "Our tandem has brought me so many emotions, and I’m truly grateful to you for the wonderful time we spent on the team.

"I wish you happiness, and let all your dreams come true."

The new-look Spirit roster will make its first appearance in 2026 in BLAST Bounty, which will kick off on January 12 with the online stage, featuring 32 teams.


Read more
BLAST Bounty 2026 S1 team list announced as several big names decline invites
"Boris [magixx] will have to master a new role, he is to become the captain, but I’m confident that he has what it takes to be among the best in it.

"Miroslav [zont1x] is fully refreshed and will get back to playing his old spots. All in all, we are confident that the current roster has huge potential, the future results depend solely on ourselves."

With these changes, Spirit are now:

Russia Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets
Russia Dmitry "⁠sh1ro⁠" Sokolov
Belarus Andrey "⁠tN1R⁠" Tatarinovich
Russia Boris "⁠magixx⁠" Vorobiev
Ukraine Myroslav "⁠zont1x⁠" Plakhotia

Russia Sergey "⁠hally⁠" Shavaev (coach)

Russia Leonid "⁠chopper⁠" Vishnyakov (benched)
Russia Ivan "⁠zweih⁠" Gogin (benched)