# News for 20251209

(No news yet)
B1ad3 on w0nderful: "With this performance, I think you can win tournaments"
king_dempz & Nohte
9-12-2025 17:18
"Usually he has a very good performance in bootcamps and then he starts to be a bit nervous, or a bit shaky, something happens sometimes in the past," NAVI's coach says. "This tournament, he's amazing."


Natus Vincere breezed through Stage 2 of the StarLadder Budapest Major with a 3-0 record, but needed until the final 2-2 pool in Stage 3 to lock in a playoff berth.

The 2024 Team of the Year has only a single title to its name in 2025, at StarLadder StarSeries Fall, and has struggled to consistently contend for trophies at the biggest events with discussions swirling about potential changes.

Ihor "⁠w0nderful⁠" Zhdanov has been on the receiving end of much of the community's critique, but it is his form — and a mentality shift — that has served NAVI so well in Budapest as he averaged a 1.77 rating in Stage 2 and a 1.30 rating in Stage 3 to reach the playoffs.

"He had a very bad bootcamp performance so we were constantly working on this aspect, like the performance coach speaking with him, trying to fix his… let's say the skeletons in his closet, something was happening in his head and he was not present," Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy told HLTV after NAVI qualified for the playoffs. "In this tournament he just came and played really good."

NAVI aren't getting ahead of themselves going into the bracket stage, though, with plans to just focus on the process.

"I think we should go one by one," B1ad3 says. "We already did something incredible in the Copenhagen Major. We don't think about the win, we just focus on the process, no expectations for sure, but we know how everything works."


Watch the interview here.

First off, how are you feeling?

I'm feeling very good. Relieved, I feel relieved.

Let's talk about that series. It seemed like you had a very good gameplan on Ancient, a good idea of what B8 wanted to do. How did that map go from your perspective?

Amazing. I think they trusted this map a lot and we prepped pretty good, we knew what they were doing. The composure of our players and the whole team synergy-wise was very good, we were on the same page moving around the map, very confident. It was a very good map.

Train was a lot closer, it felt like your team gave up a lot of advantages, particularly in the second half. How did it go from your point of view?

I think we relaxed a little bit on the T side of Train, for sure. There was one round when we didn't do something as one unit, and we were just basically doing three different ideas thinking that we are playing versus some dogs, I don't know, and lost the round instantly.

We spoke about this before the second map, we said it was very important to start sharp and not give any free rounds, because they instantly feel the hope of coming back. If you become more confident your ideas flow differently at that moment. These details are crucial in my opinion, especially in these kind of matches where it's the last chance to qualify for playoffs.

We worked a lot with our performance coach on our mental state and our mindset, how to approach the game, constantly
Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy
Just to talk about the rest of your Major campaign: you started with that difficult loss against FURIA. What do you think went wrong in that game for you?

I think firepower first of all. We couldn't out-aim where we expected to out-aim, let's say, and in MR12, especially in best-of-one, a lot of close rounds are important, when you play 2vs2 or 3vs3, and we lost all of them, where in most of them we have advantage positioning-wise and in map control.

This is what we usually work on, how to fix this, before the game and after the game, so we work on these aspects a lot. I also think one more important thing happened: we worked a lot with our performance coach on our mental state and our mindset, how to approach the game, constantly. Nowadays it's one of the most important things.

In that specific game against FURIA we were not ready to show our best, we were not ready to… basically you can have a specific mode when you play as a team, where you are constantly seeking solutions or trying to solve the riddle let's say, and you need to do it very fast and not separately. We usually try to get into this mode more and more, but when we started to lose the reactions were kind of hard to make.

We were struggling, you need so much sweat to do something, which is usually where you are a little bit shackled and you don't know what the best solution is. When you are free in your mind, floating and connecting to each other, it goes much better, and this is what we are usually trying to work on and speak about because it is important for our system. They had a good gameplan countering us outside, and I think us dying a lot and failing outside was 50% of the loss.

When you get beaten like that, when the score is very one-sided, is it easy to recover and reset after the game?

After the game, yes, if you know your potential and you don't need to persuade people into believing in themselves. We usually have a lot of material, this example and this example and this example, and you can always compare: you know how you play basically.

If you played really, really good in your opinion and they smashed you in this… kind of fiasco, there's nothing you can do, you can just think they are better. If you know you can play better, it's a different story. Also maybe they forced you, with their style, to play bad, you can also think about this. You need to try and find the real reasons for the loss, not be blind or blame somebody.

Before this game you had a close match against Vitality with two very close maps, on a different day you could have won that series. What are your reflections on it?

In the Vitality match I think w0nderful was playing amazing first of all, and I think this is a crucial part of this kind of score. We did a lot of mistakes, they did a lot of mistakes, I think that both teams were not playing their best for sure at that moment. So on the one hand I feel positive and glad that we played like this, but on the other hand I think if Vitality played better we would lose much harder.


I wanted to ask about w0nderful: he's having one of the best tournaments of the season for him so far, and Aleksib talked about his confidence and how that's helping him. I just wondered if you had done anything as a coach to help him get into some better form?

Yeah. He had a very bad bootcamp performance so we were constantly working on this aspect, like the performance coach speaking with him, trying to fix his… let's say the skeletons in his closet, something was happening in his head and he was not present. In this tournament he just came and played really good.

Usually he has a very good performance in bootcamps and then he starts to be a bit nervous, or a bit shaky, something happens sometimes in the past. This tournament, he's amazing, he's showing very good performance, and with this performance I think you can win tournaments. This is important to understand.

Also there was a game versus Vitality where he was not playing good and I was trying to help him, 'please don't overthink this, just try to find something easy, an easy approach that you are usually comfortable with.' Because if you start thinking what your next step should be and hesitating, 'maybe not this, maybe this,' you are already in a trap.

The performance coach [was] speaking with him, trying to fix his… let's say the skeletons in his closet, [...] he was not present. In this tournament he just came and played really good
Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy on w0nderful
You have a few days to prepare now and think about the playoffs. For a team like NAVI who are famous for playing much better after a bootcamp, and famous for having good preparation, do you think these few days are almost more important for your team than others?

I don't know how others usually prep or spend their time, but yeah for us this is important. Every day is crucial because we can review something, we can add or upgrade something, work on weak maps, very useful time. But sometimes, if you are 3-0 for example, it can be hard because too many days without this energy of the arena, you cool down a little bit, which can be bad.

So it's good that it's not too many free days at the same time. I think for us it's very crucial to go into the first match with the same energy that we absorbed from these matches in Stage 2 and Stage 3, and it's very cool that they had everything on the stage.

With those days to prepare, with the form that you've been in, with the fact that you've had a lot of games to soak up that atmosphere and to work on your form, what are you looking at in the playoffs as your goal or expectation? Do you think you can go all the way and win this one?

I think we should go one by one. We already did something incredible in the Copenhagen Major. We don't think about the win, we just focus on the process, no expectations for sure, but we know how everything works. Four of these players were winning tournaments, team of the year, it just needs to be activated in the proper moment.

We always believe, we always believe that there is a chance to beat any team, but either we will do it, or if not, we will try
Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy
Opponents are very tough obviously, they're in very good shape, like Spirit with donk, or FURIA playing amazing. We always believe, we always believe that there is a chance to beat any team, but either we will do it, or if not, we will try.

This is StarLadder's first Major for many years: what's the experience been like during this Major?

Honestly, we liked everything. We spoke with the players. I think they are doing a great job, if you compare all the details with other tournaments, they are not lower than ESL or BLAST for sure. All criteria are on the highest level, let's see what it will be like in the playoffs.



Sources: device to join 100 Thieves
Sumljiv & MIRAA
9-12-2025 20:45
The Danish sniper is on the way out of Astralis for the second time.


Nicolai "⁠device⁠" Reedtz is expected to join 100 Thieves as their sniper, with negotiations between the two parties at an advanced stage according to multiple sources speaking to HLTV and Dust2.dk.

The move is expected to reunite him with long-time Astralis teammate Lukas "⁠gla1ve⁠" Rossander, who is set to take over as the team's coach.


Read more
Sources: gla1ve set to join 100 Thieves as coach
device joining 100 Thieves would mark the end of his second tenure with Astralis, which began in October 2022 after his return from Ninjas in Pyjamas.

During this period, device played a key role in guiding the team to the grand finals of PGL Astana and FISSURE Playground 1, and notably helped secure their first Major appearance in three years. However, Astralis were unable to advance past Stage 2 in Budapest.


Read more
device: "A lot of this year has been, in some way, a wake-up call for me to figure out how I can be the player I want to be"
With the Danes' signing, 100 Thieves' roster would feature Håvard "⁠rain⁠" Nygaard and device, meaning they would be required to sign a three-man core in order to start 2026 with a VRS ranking.

100 Thieves were not immediately available for comment.

Following recent reports, 100 Thieves would be:

Norway Håvard "⁠rain⁠" Nygaard
Denmark Nicolai "⁠device⁠" Reedtz

Denmark Lukas "⁠gla1ve⁠" Rossander (coach)


Official: paiN remove dgt and dav1deuS*
Sumljiv
9-12-2025 22:40
The duo departed the team after a disappointing season.


Update 23:06 :

paiN have confirmed the report by announcing the duo's benching with immediate effect.

paiN are set to move Franco "⁠dgt⁠" Garcia and David "⁠dav1deuS⁠" Tapia Maldonado to the bench after a period of lackluster results, according to a report by Dust2.com.br.

Rodrigo "⁠biguzera⁠" Bittencourt's troops had a breakthrough top-four result at the Austin Major to go into the summer break full of expectations, but the majority-Brazilian lineup was unable to repeat the success.

paiN made just one semi-final in the second part of the season, at BLAST Rivals Season 2, and most recently exited the Major with a 1-3 record in Stage 3.


Read more
biguzera: "We didn't deserve to go through. We had some very bad games and made some very silly mistakes"
dav1deuS, who joined the team in January, had an especially tough time in Budapest and averaged a 0.85 rating, a big drop from his 1.02 average across the year, while dgt was paiN's second highest-rated performer in Hungary behind captain biguzera.

With the changes, paiN would be:

Brazil Rodrigo "⁠biguzera⁠" Bittencourt
Brazil Lucas "⁠nqz⁠" Soares
Brazil João "⁠snow⁠" Vinicius

Brazil Henrique "⁠rikz⁠" Waku (coach)

Chile David "⁠dav1deuS⁠" Tapia Maldonado (benched)
Uruguay Franco "⁠dgt⁠" Garcia (benched)