# News for 20251127

载物欲为Major削发明志，能否完成地狱归来？“我该不该为Major再剃一次光头？”昨日晚间，载物在社媒晒出了自己两年前的光头造型，并向社区提出了这个疑问。而知名主持人Banks则现身评论区，力挺立刻行动。需要说明的是，之所以载物会有剃光头的想法，是因为2023年他曾在巴黎Major前削发明志，并最终以MVP之姿帮助队伍拿下了那届Major冠军。自那之后，社区便有了“光头能给Major加Buff”的小玄学。话说回来，怪不得猎鹰在前日的俱乐部视频中给NiKo整了个光头特效。

此外顺带一提，根据apEX昨日的动态，小蜜蜂将在今日开启集训，而他们将在12月4日的第三赛段亮相舞台。

另一方面关注到赛场，昨日赛前赛事方播放了中国队伍LVG淘汰后的采访，而从选手们的反应中，你可以明显感觉到，上届Major荣耀闯入第三赛段，却在本届Major遗憾止步第一赛段给他们带来的落差。“大家这么支持我？”

昨日，Major第一赛段共结束6场比赛，其中FaZe着实令人捏一把汗。这支本被认为能轻松晋级的银河战舰，在昨日的生死局中被Fnatic推到了悬崖边，一度距离出局仅剩一分之遥。好在frozen的苦苦支撑等来了总监的苏醒，而队伍也在图三回暖，最终惊险拿下生死局的胜利。

当下已有五支队伍晋级第二赛段，今晚十点，六支队伍将对最后三个晋级名额展开角逐。


jackasmo: "When we are as a three, we are speaking Ukrainian all the time"
Sumljiv
27-11-2025 04:32
The Ukrainian rifler said the change in communication is helping the team.


fnatic have progressed through the StarLadder Budapest Major Stage 1 after a hard-fought victory over NRG, and Nikita "⁠jackasmo⁠" Skyba admits he didn't expect Damian "⁠daps⁠" Steele and company to put up such a fight.

"I don't want to badmouth or anything, but I was thinking it would be easier," he told HLTV after the match.

"I was pretty off on the first map, and after that, we just managed to come back up."

jackasmo also spoke about his adaptation to the team, fnatic's communication, and his expectations for Stage 2.


Listen to the interview here.

You're through 3-1, you got the job done, but it wasn't the easiest game today. I guess it must feel good still, right?

Yes, it was feeling very good. It was good emotions, of course not on the first map. It was kind of rough, but I understood that we'll step up. Each person will step up, me mostly, because I was pretty off on the first map, and after that, we just managed to come back up.

Considering NRG are playing with a coach, did you expect them to put up such a fight?

Oh, yeah. I don't want to badmouth or anything, but I was thinking it would be easier. Mostly because of the coach, and I didn't know two of their players before this Major. I was thinking it would be easier for sure.

I don't want to badmouth or anything, but I was thinking it would be easier
Nikita "⁠jackasmo⁠" Skyba on playing NRG
When you signed for the team, there was a lot said about the decision making. Did that make it hard to just focus on your CS?

I wouldn't say so. I was feeling pretty normal in all the tournaments. I made some crucial mistakes about my settings, about sensitivity, in the previous tournament, but right now I'm feeling very consistent. We just need to keep going, keep gaining this experience, and everything will be fine. I think there is no pressure about this.

Coming into this new team, you obviously know the IGL, but you have some new roles, some new teammates to get used to. Are you feeling like you know the guys and their protocols?

Firstly, it was pretty rough at the start when I joined the team, because I had three or four completely different roles that I haven't played in my entire career. But each member of the team helped me a lot to be more confident in these roles, also I did a lot of work on these roles and stepped up. So yeah, I'm feeling pretty confident right now.

I made some crucial mistakes about sensitivity in the previous tournament, but right now I'm feeling very consistent
Nikita "⁠jackasmo⁠" Skyba
And how has the communication been? Before you were in Passion UA, who spoke your native tongue, now you speak English. How has that been?

I can see the improvement in this. Right now when we are as a three, we are speaking Ukrainian all the time, when we are Ukrainian core in the clutch. We are improving in this, because before we didn't do that, we were speaking English all the time, but right now we are gaining every percent in English.

I saw something on Twitter about you guys having different profile pictures in the game to help you see who is alive and when you can start speaking Ukrainian. Is that true?

No, I think it's some fake information. In the game it's not showing, maybe in the observer you can see it, but we didn't mark it.

You are through to Stage 2, where some better teams will enter the competition. Are you still confident to make it through there as well?

We'll do our best. I don't want to jinx anything, but we'll show our best for sure, and we'll grind this period before the second stage, and I'm pretty sure we'll show good results.