Talent, Event, Creator, Streamer, and Skin of the Year nominees unveiled
Sumljiv
10-12-2025 01:20
The Community Awards return for 2025, 100% decided by HLTV users and presented by 1xBet and Skin.Club.


The Community Awards will be decided by HLTV users, with voting set to start on December 16
The Community Awards are back for 2025's HLTV Awards, featuring five awards to be voted on by you, namely Talent, Event, Creator, Streamer, and Skin of the Year.

Voting will occur in two rounds, with the first happening from December 16 at 19:00  to December 23 at 07:00  in order to reduce the nominees from 10 to three.

The second and final round, which is set to decide the winner of each category, will begin on December 24 at 19:00  and end on December 31 07:00  (Midnight CET) to make sure we get the community's true picks winners and avoid vote splitting.

Voting will only be accessible to HLTV users who have created accounts before the release of this article.

Winners will be announced at the HLTV Awards on January 10 in Belgrade, Serbia.

Now, let's start to list off the nominees — and explain our methodology.

Talent of the Year by 1XBET
Similar to last year's nominees, this category has been narrowed down with a point-based system.

Each talent member received 2 points for 2+ weeks long S-tier events, and 1 point for all other S-tier events.

That meant that despite aiming for a top 10, a tie between 9th and 12th place means the nominee list will feature all 12.

Talent of the Year nominees, ordered by S-tier event points:

United Kingdom Freya "⁠Freya⁠" Spiers

United Kingdom Harry "⁠JustHarry⁠" Russell

United Kingdom Hugo "⁠Hugo⁠" Byron

Denmark Jacob "⁠Pimp⁠" Winneche

Australia Chad "⁠SPUNJ⁠" Burchill

United Kingdom Alex "⁠Machine⁠" Richardson

United Kingdom James "⁠BanKs⁠" Banks

Serbia Janko "⁠YNk⁠" Paunović

Canada Mohan "⁠launders⁠" Govindasamy

Canada Conner "⁠Scrawny⁠" Girvan

United States Alex "⁠Mauisnake⁠" Ellenberg

United States Tres "⁠stunna⁠" Saranthus


Event of the Year by 1XBET
This list has been created by limiting nominees to S-tier events and excluding online events, group stages, and tournaments without a live crowd.

There's a maximum of two events per tournament organizer, in which case we look at peak viewers and hours watched divided by airtime using data from Esports Charts to determine the top two from each TO.

Event of the Year nominees, ordered by chronology:

Poland IEM Katowice 2025

Romania PGL Cluj-Napoca 2025

Kazakhstan PGL Astana 2025

United States BLAST.tv Austin Major

Germany IEM Cologne 2025

Serbia FISSURE Playground 2

Hong Kong BLAST Rivals 2025 Season 2

Hungary StarLadder Budapest Major


Creator of the Year by 1XBET
With so many Counter-Strike content creators in the scene, we partnered with Stream Hatchet to identify the top performers using data. Their analysis combines views, engagement, and average watch time throughout 2025 to produce a shortlist of 10 standout nominees.

Creators who weren’t primarily focused on Counter-Strike content were excluded from consideration.

Creator of the Year nominees, ordered alphabetically:

United Kingdom 3kliksphilip

Sweden Anomaly

Spain bysTaXx

Brazil Cachorro1337

Lithuania dima_aimbots

Russia Murzofix

Estonia NadeKing

Georgia shoke

United Kingdom Sparkles

Sweden Virre CS2


Streamer of the Year by 1XBET
As with the creator category, we worked with Stream Hatchet to gather data on the top Counter-Strike streamers. Their evaluation combines airtime, watch time, peak viewership, and average viewers to produce another shortlist of 10 standout candidates.

Once again, streamers who weren’t primarily focused on Counter-Strike content were excluded.

Streamer of the Year nominees, ordered alphabetically:

Ukraine Vadim "⁠Evelone192⁠" Kozakov

United States Erik "⁠fl0m⁠" Flom

Argentina Luciano "⁠forg1⁠" Forgione

Brazil Alexandre "⁠gAuLeS⁠" Chiqueta

Turkey Ömer "⁠imoRR⁠" Karataş

Poland Piotr "⁠izak⁠" Skowyrski

Lithuania Justinas "⁠jL⁠" Lekavicius

France Sebastien "⁠KRL⁠" Perez

Germany Mark "⁠ohnePixel⁠" Zimmermann

Russia Ivan "⁠StRoGo⁠" Shurpatov


Skin of the Year by Skin.Club
The newest addition to HLTV Awards, the Skin of the Year is made by starting with all 41 community skins added to the game in 2025.

HLTV then internally voted on the 41 weapon finishes to create this top 10.

Skin of the Year nominees, ordered alphabetically:

AWP | Ice Coaled (REINCARNATION)

AWP | Printstream (JTPNZ)

FAMAS | Bad Trip (HEWOK)

Glock-18 | Shinobu (Horameow)

M4A1-S | Liquidation (Mei)

M4A4 | Full Throttle (dwern)

MAC-10 | Cat Fight (Maloo)

MAC10 │ Derailment (Tolik_Wask)

MP7 | Smoking Kills (48)

UMP-45│Late Night Transit (cimota)


To find out more about the show, head over to the HLTV Awards page for all of the information about this year's event, see the full list of awards on offer, and check out a bit of the history of previous HLTV Awards shows.



The eight arcs of the Budapest Major's cinema bracket
LucasAM
11-12-2025 00:11
The Major playoff bracket is just about as good as it could be and as good as it has ever been. Almost as if it were scripted.


Who would have thought that MR12 and three rounds of best-of-ones per stage could give us one of the best Major playoff brackets ever? Yet, here we are, with the top seven teams in the world and a FaZe who surged from the Stage 1 gutter in a cinematic return to form making up one of the most compelling Major playoff brackets ever.

Not only is the playoff bracket a dream, the stories behind the teams left competing are as compelling as can be giving fans even more reason to cheer on their favorites. Here are some of those stories and why each playoff team's run is particularly meaningful in and out of the server.

The return of the godfather arc
Gabriel "⁠FalleN⁠" Toledo's nicknames, namely the professor and the godfather, are a clear indication of how important FURIA's captain is for Brazil. He is the only player still active at the top level from the Luminosity team that rose to prominence in 2015 and won back-to-back Major championships in 2016, and now a wave of nostalgia has taken over fans as the 34-year-old is in prime position to once again stand on top of the world.

Much has changed, of course. The top Brazilian team, FURIA, now actually has two foreigners, Danil "⁠molodoy⁠" Golubenko and Mareks "⁠YEKINDAR⁠" Gaļinskis, but as the team has gone from strength to strength, winning their last three events and four of the last five they've played, Brazilian fans have warmed up to and welcomed the outside help. A viral video of YEKINDAR singing Ai Se Eu Te Pego with his teammates while FalleN played the accordion no doubt softened hearts and won over even the staunchest opposers of the team's international shift.


All of Brazil is standing behind the professor
The hype in Brazil is at an all time high since the Luminosity/SK days, and that's visible by the 200,000 viewers usually seen following the team's every game at the Major on Alexandre "⁠gAuLeS⁠" Chiqueta's stream, even with it being on a new channel in a new streaming platform.

There's also the story of young molodoy, an obscure Kazakh teenager at the beginning of the year who has become a revelation under FalleN's tutelage. He is now in prime position to become Rookie of the Year having earned two MVP awards during FURIA's rise to the top in the second half of the year.

The fact that any of the other stories are eclipsed by FalleN's return to the top are a testament to his legacy as a player. He is now 34 and his career is winding down, so for any fan who has seen the way he propped up the Brazilian scene through thick and thin, to watch him win another Major nearly a decade later would be to see the cherry put on top of an illustrious career.


Read more
yuurih: "I think there are four teams that, if we face, anyone can win"
The era arc
Vitality have been, without a shadow of a doubt, the team of 2025 after capping an incredible first half of the year. The only tournament Vitality didn't win before the summer break was the first one of the season, BLAST Bounty Season 1, which was followed by a seven event winning streak that ended with a Major victory in Austin, where Mathieu "⁠ZywOo⁠" Herbaut also won his seventh consecutive MVP award.

The Dan "⁠apEX⁠" Madesclaire-led squad put up the most dominant numbers ever seen in a single season, winning 30 straight matches until their best-of-one loss to Legacy in the Austin group stage, and then won 7 more best-of-threes before that streak came to an end at 37.


ZywOo is chasing a third Major MVP award
The second half of the year hasn't been the same as the first, but Vitality haven't been slouches despite appearing so by comparison to their earlier selves, winning an ESL Pro League and reaching two more grand finals and three semi-finals. As they fight to establish an era of their own beyond their dominance in the first half of the year, they have the chance to become the first back-to-back Major champions since Astralis in 2019.

ZywOo, the engine behind much of the team's success this year, is also in a running of his own in Budapest. After becoming the all-time Big Event MVP leader earlier in the year with that seven MVP streak, surpassing Oleksandr "⁠s1mple⁠" Kostyliev's 14 to sit alone at the top with 20, ZywOo now has the chance to become the first three-time Major MVP in history, which would put him one step above the only other two-time MVPs, Marcelo "⁠coldzera⁠" David and Nicolai "⁠device⁠" Reedtz.


Read more
flameZ: "We are trying to see every game as an opportunity to do something great"
The redonkulous arc
Spirit made two promising signings this year, Andrey "⁠tN1R⁠" Tatarinovich and Ivan "⁠zweih⁠" Gogin, who stepped into the shoes of Myroslav "⁠zont1x⁠" Plakhotia and Boris "⁠magixx⁠" Vorobiev, but despite the on-paper upgrades to the team's firepower, the new additions haven't quite panned out on the server.

zweih has come under heavy criticism for lacking as the team's anchor, and tN1R's form is a far cry from his breakout with HEROIC at the beginning of the year. Despite that, Spirit are still considered among the favorites in the running, and that's because of Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets.

If donk's 1.73 rating in Stage 3 has taught us anything, it's to never count out Spirit as long as he's on the team. After all, that's the highest-ever rating in a top 16 group stage since best-of-threes were introduced to the Swiss stage. He was also the highest-rated player, with a 1.69 rating, in the Stage 3 Swiss group stage at the Austin Major — the previous record —, but there Spirit were dispatched by MOUZ in the quarter-finals, so of course a great individual record in the group stages isn't everything.


donk beat his previous record for highest rating in Stage 3 of a Major with a 1.73 in Budapest
Still, the 2024 Player of the Year's ability to be a one man army should never be underestimated, as he has breathed new life into a struggling Spirit at the Major. Oh, and to get to the playoffs this time around? donk led the way against MOUZ with a 1.51 rating.

Spirit will need to be at their best, however, as their run in the bracket could be playing on the highest difficulty. They will start off against Falcons, #2 on the VRS and #3 on the HLTV ranking, and if the favorites win their matches, they will face Vitality, #3 on the VRS and #2 on the HLTV ranking, and FURIA, the unanimous #1 on both rankings.


Read more
donk: "I became more mature and now I'm thinking about winning the game as a team, not as a star player"
The home advantage arc
Ádám "⁠torzsi⁠" Torzsás isn't the first Hungarian to make it out of the local scene. He wasn't the first to play a Major, or to break out and play at top events. That was Bence "⁠DeadFox⁠" Böröcz with HellRaisers, but torzsi took it one step further when he became the first Hungarian to win Big Event silverware in 2023. That was in his second year with MOUZ after being brought up from the academy team in 2022. In 2024, torzsi became a Top 20 Player of the Year, also a first for a Hungarian player.

The story of MOUZ is one of slow and constant growth. From the seeds planted in the four-peat WePlay Academy League winners in 2021 and 2022, the Hamburg-based organization has nurtured a team that has now won four Big Event trophies since 2023. At first dubbed 'the studio merchants' for winning at events like ESL Pro League, MOUZ have slowly grown and shaken the moniker, reaching two consecutive Major semi-finals in Shanghai and Austin.


torzsi is the hometown hero in Budapest
Still, it's easy to forget that MOUZ are still a very young team. They are, in fact, the joint-youngest with The MongolZ, at 22.6 years old, and while they have enjoyed a modicum of success, the feeling is that they are yet to break through the glass ceiling. They're going up against FaZe in the first round, one of the oldest teams in the playoffs, and the team often used against them contemptiously when they are called budget FaZe.

This event in Hungary, then, means everything to torzsi, who has so far celebrated all of MOUZ's victories stageside during Stage 3 with fans and family. This would be a watershed moment for both torzsi and MOUZ. A first Major victory for a Hungarian, on home soil to boot, and another accolade for MOUZ's grassroots approach to building a around a core of home grown youngsters and allowing them to flourish into a world-class team over time.


Read more
Jimpphat: "I think it's the time when we all worked our hardest ever"
The redemption arc
"The Falcons project is to have a Major in the next three years," zonic said upon joining the organization in late 2023. Since then, the Dane has been given resources that others could only dream of, and has fallen short time and again. He finally got the pieces he wanted in 2025, but the Austin Major went horribly wrong, so Budapest offers a chance at redemption for one of the most well-regarded coaches in the game.

From failure to failure in the project's early days, the team has grown to becoming a top contender, having won their first tournament at PGL Bucharest and reaching five other finals and four semi-finals this year, which is no small feat. But with the resources at hand, all of those second and third place-finishes just make it feel like they're the first losers.

One of the superteam's centerpieces, Nikola "⁠NiKo⁠" Kovač, also has his own redemption arc going in Budapest. Not because he has been any worse than he has been during his career or lost any cachet as a player, but because he has the chance to lift a curse that has been plaguing him for the larger part of a decade.


zonic and NiKo are both chasing their own redemption arcs in Hungary
NiKo is in his 16th Major and has made a final twice. He is the most laureated active player to have never won a Major. The first final was in Boston, in 2018, while he was playing with FaZe, a final everyone remembers as one of the biggest upsets in Majors history when Cloud9 made a late-game comeback to claim the trophy and create North America's most cherished Major memory.

Then, in 2021, right as the online era was coming to an end, NiKo and his G2 were in the final in Stockholm against s1mple's Natus Vincere, the hot team of the moment, but the memory that lingers from that night was a missed Desert Eagle sitter by NiKo that could have taken the series to a third map. Instead it ended in overtime of the second map. Every Major since then has been a chance at redemption for NiKo, but so far it hasn't come. Semi-finals in Copenhagen and Shanghai are the closest he has come.


Read more
NiKo: "I would say that we learned our lesson from the Austin Major"
The absolute cinema arc
FaZe bullshit has long been acknowledged by Counter-Strike fans. Born as a superteam and housing mavericks since its inception, no team can turn on a dime the way FaZe can, from lackluster early tournament performances to going on a tear and turning the most desperate and tense clutch situations in their favor when it all looks lost.

Recently, some of that identity seemed to be gone forever with one of the organization's stalwarts, Håvard "⁠rain⁠" Nygaard, leaving after over eight years of service and nearly 2,000 maps with the team, but FaZe are proving that the bullshit lives on.


jcobbb has turned his game around at this Major in away that didn't seem possible
The Finn "⁠karrigan⁠" Andersen-led squad struggled in Stage 1 with newcomer Jakub "⁠jcobbb⁠" Pietruszewski still not clicking. The young Pole has been under fire all season long in part because he has to fill the shoes of a club legend whose removal was unpopular with fans, and in part because he did not step up immediately and struggled to instantly adapt to top tier play.

Players like donk, molodoy, and Maxim "⁠kyousuke⁠" Lukin have recently come from relative obscurity to shining on big stages, but that's not the normal progression of a rookie, and a term has even been coined for people who expect too much too soon from rookies: The donk delusion.

Miraculously, however, jcobbb went from posting a 0.87 rating in Stage 1 to 1.24 and 1.25 ratings in Stages 2 and 3. Talk about some bullshit. Helvijs "⁠broky⁠" Saukants, too, who has come under fire this year and was removed from the team before being brought back, went from 0.96 in Stage 1 to 1.01 in Stage 2 to 1.19 in Stage 3.

Going from being 0.4 seconds away from Stage 1 elimination to winning a Major would be FaZe's biggest bullshit to date.


Read more
karrigan: "I want the mental fortitude that FaZe is known for to be the DNA; if you have it, people start to be scared of you"
The throwback arc
At first this seemed to me one of the weakest arcs, but Natus Vincere are very close to where they were the last time they won a Major. Not really on anyone's radar, that is. The last time they won a Major, right after going international, they did so despite losing more rounds than they won, and are the only team to ever win a Major with that statistic.

That victory really did come out of left field, but also left an indelible image of captain Aleksi "⁠Aleksib⁠" Virolainen jumping on the table after winning, taking his jersey off and pointing at himself. No doubt vindication for all of the times people had said he was failing upwards. A photograph posted on X kissing the trophy with the caption "I might be him" followed.


NAVI were also underdogs when they pulled off their Major-winning run in Copenhagen
"None of this would have been possible without the teammates I have. So selfless, everybody doing tons of work. For the past six months, we've had ups and downs. Everybody worked their ass off," is what the Finn said after the match. Under Andrey "⁠B1ad3⁠" Gorodenskiy's system, that seems to now be the Natus Vincere way. Could they be somewhere similar at this Major?

The changes this time around aren't as big as they were before Copenhagen. There hasn't been a major transition like the one Natus Vincere underwent when going international. But there is a rookie now with potential and Ihor "⁠w0nderful⁠" Zhdanov appears to be transformed to the point that B1ad3 acknowledged it as an X factor. From the 1.14, 1.13, and 1.15 ratings of Majors past, the AWPer now posted a 1.77 in Stage 2 and 1.30 in Stage 3. "With this performance, I think you can win tournaments," the team's coach told HLTV.


Read more
B1ad3 on w0nderful: "With this performance, I think you can win tournaments"
The how the fuck arc
Milan "⁠Striker⁠" Švejda renamed it 'The stand-in with the devil's deal arc' in the HLTV Newsletter, which served as inspiration for this piece and which you can subscribe to at the bottom of this article if you haven't yet, but his working title of The how the fuck arc just captured my imagination in a way that nothing else really can.

"The overperformance relative to expectations is insane, one of the biggest ever," is the succinct way Zvonimir "⁠Professeur⁠" Burazin described Unudelger "⁠controlez⁠" Baasanjargal's time as a stand-in for The MongolZ at the Major in the latest HLTV Confirmed podcast, and I don't think I could say it in any better.


The MongolZ will face Vitality in the quarter-finals
The MongolZ, always shrouded in mystery — at least to Western audiences —, benched their best player right before the Major and somehow still looked really strong with a 3-1 record in Stage 3. Noted, they will be playing a whole new level of team in the playoffs, but they have so far quieted the doubters.

The truly baffling part of the puzzle, however, is that a 28-year-old who never particularly stood out even at the regional level gets brought in and drops a 1.23 rating at Stage 3 of the Major. Such a performance really defies the odds, but it does go to show that The MongolZ knew exactly what they needed and where to find it, even if nobody else could expect it.


It's hard to imagine The MongolZ doing better without Azbayar "⁠Senzu⁠" Munkhbold than with him, and their best at a Major was reaching the final in Austin before falling to the invincible Vitality of the first half of the year. Then again, it's just as hard to imagine controlez doing what he has been doing so far. Poetically, Mongolia's finest will meet none other than their Austin butchers, Vitality, in the first round of the playoffs.