donk: "I became more mature and now I'm thinking about winning the game as a team, not as a star player"
Striker & Nohte
4-12-2025 05:02
"I changed the way I think," the Russian phenom says. "In previous times I was always thinking about getting kills and doing huge visible impact, [...] now I have the mentality that I don't really need to kill someone."


Spirit arrive at the Major after exiting five consecutive tournaments earlier than they would have liked, including a playoff miss at IEM Chengdu after losing to The MongolZ in their debut with Unudelger "⁠controlez⁠" Baasanjargal and a loss to Vitality in the quarter-final of BLAST Rivals Season 2.

Bringing in Andrey "⁠tN1R⁠" Tatarinovich for Myroslav "⁠zont1x⁠" Plakhotia and Ivan "⁠zweih⁠" Gogin for Boris "⁠magixx⁠" Vorobiev was meant to be a firepower upgrade, but discomfort has been clear on the server and the team has needed to adapt coming into Budapest.

"In general, I can say that our system works another way with these players, with new players, and that we need to adapt the system for new players," Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets tells HLTV on the media day ahead of Stage 3. "These few tournaments we were focused on the goal to make our system comfortable and make our players confident in our system and themselves."

I became more vocal than I was
Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets on what has changed for him with this roster
It isn't just the team's system that has gone through changes, though, with donk saying he's become more vocal and speaking at length about a mentality shift within himself.

The 18-year-old also touched on the Player of the Year race, saying he is content with second place, but added that he believes he is in the kind of form that saw him clinch the award at the Perfect World Shanghai Major last year.


Watch the interview here, or listen here.

You're coming into the Major halfway through it, we've already seen a lot of Counter-Strike happen. Have you had a chance to watch much of it so far?

A little bit, yes. We were focused on practice, and I had to watch the late games, the games in the evening, and early in the day. Yes, a Major is always enjoyable to watch and exciting to see any matchups, except maybe Stage 1. A few matchups weren't really exciting or enjoyable to watch.

What did you think about the results so far? Has anything surprised you?

The only thing that was really surprising for me was that Legacy didn't qualify for Stage 3. It was really surprising. The other results, not really surprised. I could expect it.

These few tournaments we were focused on the goal to make our system comfortable and make our players confident in our system and themselves
Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets
You're coming off of the back-to-back tournaments in Asia, where you didn't manage to go very far because of some close losses. What do you think went wrong in those two tournaments?

It's hard to notice one thing. In general, I can say that our system works another way with these players, with new players, and that we need to adapt the system for new players. These few tournaments we were focused on the goal to make our system comfortable and make our players confident in our system and themselves.

Does it mean some changes for them to feel more comfortable, or what does that look like in terms of getting them more confident?

It's more to integrate their place in our system and structure, and it makes them feel more confident and more comfortable. Because in previous teams, they had their own moves, some plays that they love where they could consistently get kills and get confidence after it, and in our system there is no space for it because we played with other players.

Are you trying to make this system more so that it allows these players to have their own expression and plays and things like that? Because obviously we know tN1R, especially, from his previous teams is a guy who likes to make a lot of moves and things like that. Is he hindered in that a little bit, is it harder for him to make those plays in your system?

In the beginning, for sure, yes. Now, it got easier for him to make some moves, and I think he feels good right now in our system because he knows what he can do and what he cannot.

It seems, at least from the outside, that he is doing a lot to bring the mood up. He seems like a very jokey guy, he's smiling a lot, and whenever I see some of your content he's always the one that's joking around. It seems like he's integrated very well in that sense. How important is that for you, personally?

I don't know. It's good, like... I don't know. I got used to playing with zont1x, who has no emotions, so I can't get affected by having emotions or not having emotions. I'm just okay with it. If he feels it makes him feel more comfortable in our team, I will support him in this way because I think such players that are always smiling and everything, they want to see the help, some support, so they can keep doing it.

I changed the way I think. It will sound egotistical, but in previous times I was always thinking about getting kills and doing huge impact [...] now I have the mentality that I don't really need to kill someone
Danil "⁠donk⁠" Kryshkovets
We haven't had a chance to talk to you since we saw tN1R arrive, so I just wanted to ask you about how this lineup affects you and how differently do you have to play to maybe allow them to have a bit more space. Does it mean that you maybe have to take a step back every now and again in certain situations because they have different ideas of how to play the game, or how does it affect you overall?

I can't say that it affects me somehow because I still have my roles and I'm still playing my roles. I'm entrying, I'm taking space, I'm the space creator, but I think I changed the way I think. It will sound egotistical, but in previous times I was always thinking about getting kills and doing huge impact in terms of kills, entries, and impact in general. Visible impact, I would say. Kills, frags, average damage, everything like this.

These past tournaments made me think that I have to do everything to make my team shine, my teammates, and now I have the mentality that I don't really need to kill someone — kill four, five, something like this. Not because my previous teammates like zont1x, magixx, were bad or something like this, I just became more mature and now I'm thinking about winning the game as a team, not as a star player.

I want to do everything to make my teammates shine and that's it. But only one change in my playstyle that is different between the previous roster and this is that I became more vocal than I was. That's it.

Liquid matchup to start off the Major, one of the tougher opponents that you could face. What did you think of their run from 0-2 to 3-2? Does it make them a scarier opponent now?

Yes. I think for every team, it's not very enjoyable to play against a team that already played on the stage, or some official matches. They played three best-of-threes, two best-of-ones, and they are feeling good. All the pressure they were feeling now fell off, and now they're underdogs playing against favorites. It might be easier for them to perform now.

At the end of last year, you made a massive push in Shanghai to get the Player of the Year award at the end. Is this something that's on your mind at all coming into Budapest?

No. I'm good with number two player spot.

Do you think you're at least in the kind of form that could see you do the same thing again this year?

Like in Shanghai Major?

Yes.

I think yes.




ECSTATIC place entire roster on transfer list
MIRAA
4-12-2025 06:01
The future of Denmark's second-best team is uncertain as the off-season looms.


ECSTATIC will listen to offers for acoR, sirah & co
ECSTATIC have announced that their entire team has been placed on the transfer list as they want to give the players "the opportunity to move up competitively if the right offer comes in."

"We want to be transparent while making it clear that we're still fully committed to competing," the Danish organization noted.

"Everyone remains part of the team and will continue playing with us if no transfer happens."

ECSTATIC are currently ranked 31st in the European VRS, only behind Astralis in Denmark. The team recently won the $50,000 Winline Insight Season 9 and finished second to FUT at DraculaN Season 3, where they managed to beat AM, Tricked and Passion UA.

Last week, ECSTATIC went out of DreamHack Knockout Stockholm in the Round of 16 following a 2-1 loss to EYEBALLERS.

ECSTATIC won't participate in any more LANs until next year, but they are currently competing on two different online fronts: Galaxy Battle Phase 5, in which they will take on 500 in the Round of 16, and CCT Season 3 Series 12.

Date	Matches	
Galaxy Battle 2025 Phase 5
07/12/2025
ECSTATIC
ECSTATIC
00:15
500
500
Match
The Danish team looks as follows:

Denmark Thomas "⁠TMB⁠" Bundsbæk
Denmark Anton "⁠Anlelele⁠" Huynh
Denmark Martin "⁠nut nut⁠" Holm Vestergaard
Denmark William "⁠sirah⁠" Kjærsgaard
Denmark Frederik "⁠acoR⁠" Gyldstrand

