ash steps down from GamerLegion due to burnout
Nohte
11-12-2025 01:02
The British coach says he needs a break to clear his head and work on himself.


Ashley "⁠ash⁠" Battye has stepped down from his coaching duties at GamerLegion and will be taking a break due to personal reasons, it has been announced.

"I need a break to clear my head and work on myself and then I'll be back," ash said when contacted by HLTV. "Hopefully sooner than later."

In a video explaining the decision, the 35-year-old cited burnout as the main factor behind the change.

"I've really struggled mentally for the second half of the year," ash said. "The schedule has been brutal in terms of traveling and the lack of recovery time, and I first noticed that something wasn't right at IEM Dallas when we had acoR as a stand-in.

"My body language felt uncontrollably bad against Falcons in the playoffs. We weren't expected to win that game at all, and I felt extremely badly affected during it. It should have been a really, really high moment in my career, but it felt completely the opposite during the game."

The Brit added that he hoped that the summer tournament break would help refresh him, but it only did so partially as his sleep and body language continued to get worse, and he grew increasingly frustrated at team mistakes.

I started letting moments outside of my control affect me mentally, and I was taking the results personally
Ashley "⁠ash⁠" Battye
ash has stood behind GamerLegion for nearly five years and notably guided the organization to the grand final of the BLAST.tv Paris Major. He also played a key role in rebuilding the roster time and time again into a top 20 contender with his scouting and player development, but hit a roadblock in 2025 as the team struggled with fitting an AWPer into its system.

"I started letting moments outside of my control affect me mentally, and I was taking the results personally," ash said. "sl3nd was struggling and I couldn't fix it, then Kursy was having a hard time dealing with the pressure which I desperately wanted to help him with, but I wasn't able to do so.

"Then when hypex comes in, we get off to a great start at Pro League by going and playing the best three teams in the world in the Swiss stage and going 0-3. It just mounted the pressure more."

ash acknowledged how much of a privilege it is to work in Counter-Strike and said he has been living his dream, but said he's pushed himself too hard for too long without consistent breaks, making himself "too results-dependent."

All of that has compounded into him taking a break, during which he says he is working with GamerLegion's sports psychologist and another person away from Counter-Strike.

ash's departure from the active lineup comes on the heels of GamerLegion's disastrous 1-3 exit from Stage 1 of the StarLadder Budapest Major, where they recorded a solitary best-of-three win against Rare Atom around losses to Fluxo, RED Canids, and PARIVISION.

The change also comes heading into an uncertain off-season for the GamerLegion core, which was previously linked with a potential move to 100 Thieves. The North American organization has already signed Håvard "⁠rain⁠" Nygaard as its in-game leader and has been linked with the addition of Nicolai "⁠device⁠" Reedtz from Astralis and Lukas "⁠gla1ve⁠" Rossander as coach.


Read more
Sources: device to join 100 Thieves
GamerLegion is now:

Sweden Erik "⁠ztr⁠" Gustafsson
Denmark Sebastian "⁠Tauson⁠" Tauson Lindelof
Czech Republic Oldřich "⁠PR⁠" Nový
Sweden Fredrik "⁠REZ⁠" Sterner
Poland Milan "⁠hypex⁠" Polowiec

France Jeremy "⁠Kursy⁠" Gast (benched)
United Kingdom Ashley "⁠ash⁠" Battye (inactive)


Valve bans skins gambling, case opening sites from jerseys and events in TOR
Nohte
11-12-2025 05:37
The change forbids Licensees from distributing or displaying any content or material that violates Valve's IP or the Steam Subscriber Agreement.


Two days ago, Valve updated the Tournament Operation Requirements (TOR) and amended its Limited Game Tournament License which restricts how companies can use Valve's IP.

The changes, first highlighted by Dust2.us, forces both Unranked and Ranked events to abide by section 2.4.e of the Limited Games Tournament License, which forbids Licensees from distributing or displaying, including on team jerseys, any content or material that violates Valve's IP or the Steam Subscriber Agreement.

Examples given include "game case opening sites or skin trading sites," and restrictions apply to any content that is broadcast of the tournament, meaning teams must not display those sponsors on their jerseys.

The impact on the ecosystem is yet to be seen as several top teams have existing sponsorship deals with skin sites, as do smaller organizations and tournament organizers.

Some organizations had already swapped out their jerseys for non-sponsored variants ahead of arriving in Budapest.

Limited Game Tournament License, Section 2.4.e:
IP Protection. Licensee must not distribute or display, including on team jerseys or in any other content that may be visible during the broadcast, any content or material that either violates Valve IP or the terms of the Steam Subscriber Agreement (for example, game case opening sites or skin trading sites). Licensee shall not permit any content that violates Valve IP or the terms of the Steam Subscriber Agreement (e.g., logos on player jerseys) to appear in any broadcasts of the Tournament. Licensee will not accept sponsorships from sponsors that generate revenue through activities that violate applicable Valve agreements or violate local law or rely on Valve's game economies. This includes, but is not limited to, key resellers or companies that interact with players' Valve game inventories.


Official: NIP bench ewjerkz
NER0cs
11-12-2025 23:22
The Ninjas are looking for a new fifth as they look to build on 2025.


Michel "⁠ewjerkz⁠" Pinto has been moved to Ninjas in Pyjamas's bench, confirming an earlier report by RTP Arena.

The 25-year-old joined the Ninjas alongside compatriot Rafael "⁠arrozdoce⁠" Wing for this year, but SAW's old star duo struggled to click into gear in an international environment.

Roles were also a problem for ewjerkz, who was asked to be a star player in the first half of 2025 in aggressive, spacetaking, positions without putting up the numbers to match.


Read more
Media: ewjerkz out of NIP in 2026
After the arrival of Kacper "⁠xKacpersky⁠" Gabara, ewjerkz accepted that he would lose some of those roles, saying he would prefer "more action" in an ideal world but acknowledging his performances had fallen short.

At the end of 2025, ewjerkz has averaged a 1.08 rating, falling to 1.00 in the last three months.

As we await confirmation of their fifth, Ninjas in Pyjamas are also yet to announce whether xKacpersky's addition on loan from ENCE will be made permanent, or if it will expire any time soon.

Ninjas in Pyjamas are now:

Denmark Marco "⁠Snappi⁠" Pfeiffer
Denmark Rasmus "⁠sjuush⁠" Beck
Ukraine Artem "⁠r1nkle⁠" Moroz
Poland Kacper "⁠xKacpersky⁠" Gabara (loan)

Sweden Richard "⁠Xizt⁠" Landström (coach)

Portugal Michel "⁠ewjerkz⁠" Pinto (benched)